README.md, before:

# MileStone 1 Project (Reptile Hotel)


Based (with information and permissions to use there brand) on a local reptile specialist pet shop [Reptile Hotel](http://www.thereptilehotel.co.uk/).

I'm creating the site to inform their customers of the services and products offered.

I'm also using the site to help the company create and maintain a sense of community using the CareSheets/gallery pages. 
 

 The current website for reptile hotel is missing a lot of important information, my aim it to fix this problem, through user stories and agile design.
## UX
 
User Stories.

User A ~ I am a new customer with an existing pet looking for a new pet supply store so I can feed and care for my reptiles

User B ~ As a new pet owner I need to find a place to but pet supplies so I can travel there and purchase them.

User C ~ As the Owner of a pet with specialist dietary needs I need to know if a potential store can find and supply for these needs

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

Home/Landing Page ~ on the home page I'm going to have a brief outline of the Store, including its history and a brief outling of their services.

Nav Bar ~ The Nav bar will be un-obtrusive when the user scrolls down the page.

The footer~ the footer will be repeated on each page and will include the contact details , social media accounts and a map to the stores location.
 

## Technologies Used

For this project I used the following technologies

- [HTML5](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/HTML5)
    - this project uses HTML5 for is core structure.

- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
    - this project uses CSS3 for its styling.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
    - The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

- [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
    - The project uses **bootstrap 4** to simplify CSS style manipulation.

- [Font Awesome 4](https://fontawesome.com/v4.7.0/)
    - The project uses **Font Awesome** for the Iconography of the site.

## Testing

In this section, you need to convince the assessor that you have conducted enough testing to legitimately believe that the site works well. Essentially, in this part you will want to go over all of your user stories from the UX section and ensure that they all work as intended, with the project providing an easy and straightforward way for the users to achieve their goals.

Whenever it is feasible, prefer to automate your tests, and if you've done so, provide a brief explanation of your approach, link to the test file(s) and explain how to run them.

For any scenarios that have not been automated, test the user stories manually and provide as much detail as is relevant. A particularly useful form for describing your testing process is via scenarios, such as:

1. Contact form:
    1. Go to the "Contact Us" page
    2. Try to submit the empty form and verify that an error message about the required fields appears
    3. Try to submit the form with an invalid email address and verify that a relevant error message appears
    4. Try to submit the form with all inputs valid and verify that a success message appears.

In addition, you should mention in this section how your project looks and works on different browsers and screen sizes.

You should also mention in this section any interesting bugs or problems you discovered during your testing, even if you haven't addressed them yet.

If this section grows too long, you may want to split it off into a separate file and link to it from here.

## Deployment

This Project is deployed on Github pages, each push updates the page so it is at least a commit behind.


## Credits

### Content
- Photos are sourced from  [Pexels](https://pexels.com) and [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com)

- the Font used is the "Roboto" font and is imported from [google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)


### Media
Bearded DragonImage
- [Photo by Egor Kamelev from Pexels]( https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-and-gray-bearded-dragon-751698/)


Leapord Gecko Image
- [Photo by Pixabay from Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/photo/animal-biology-blur-close-up-407037/?utm_content=attributionCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=pexels)

Green Snakes
- [Photo by Foto-rabe from Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/images/id-653639/)

### Other Resources
 I used stack overflow to research a number of issues
- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/)

Bootstrap 3 Documentation
- [bootstrap 4 documantation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0)

W3 Schools- Ued to refresh my memory on elements and styling
- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)

### Acknowledgements

- the Reptile Hotel its self for permission to base my project on them.
- I received inspiration for [IHS](https://www.ihs-web.org.uk/) the international Herpetological Society.

- I would like to acknowledge the help and guidance provided by my Mentor Antonija Simic.

Commit message:

Used HTML and CSS Validator

README.md, after:

# MileStone 1 Project (Reptile Hotel)


Based (with information and permissions to use there brand) on a local reptile specialist pet shop [Reptile Hotel](http://www.thereptilehotel.co.uk/).

I'm creating the site to inform their customers of the services and products offered.

I'm also using the site to help the company create and maintain a sense of community using the CareSheets/gallery pages. 
 

 The current website for reptile hotel is missing a lot of important information, my aim it to fix this problem, through user stories and agile design.
## UX
 
User Stories.

User A ~ I am a new customer with an existing pet looking for a new pet supply store so I can feed and care for my reptiles

User B ~ As a new pet owner I need to find a place to but pet supplies so I can travel there and purchase them.

User C ~ As the Owner of a pet with specialist dietary needs I need to know if a potential store can find and supply for these needs

## Features

In this section, you should go over the different parts of your project, and describe each in a sentence or so.

Home/Landing Page ~ on the home page I'm going to have a brief outline of the Store, including its history and a brief outling of their services.

Nav Bar ~ The Nav bar will be un-obtrusive when the user scrolls down the page.

The footer~ the footer will be repeated on each page and will include the contact details , social media accounts and a map to the stores location.
 

## Technologies Used

For this project I used the following technologies

- [HTML5](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Guide/HTML/HTML5)
         This project uses HTML5 for is core structure.

- [CSS3](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/CSS)
         This project uses CSS3 for its styling.

- [JQuery](https://jquery.com)
        The project uses **JQuery** to simplify DOM manipulation.

- [Bootstrap 4](https://getbootstrap.com/)
         The project uses **bootstrap 4** to simplify CSS style manipulation.

- [Font Awesome 4](https://fontawesome.com/v4.7.0/)
         The project uses **Font Awesome** for the Iconography of the site.

## Testing

During the testing phase I spent time Working on the responsive design element.

I tested this by using google chromes dev tools and changing the width of the screen,  
I then used a combination of Bootstrap 4's grid system and media queries.

On the contact page I designed and created the form with validation in mind, To this end I checked that the contact form worked using
code institutes form validation tester "https://formdump.codeinstitute.net/". Once it return the correct information I changed it to the modal.

## Deployment

This Project is deployed on Github pages, each push updates the page so it is at least a commit behind. To do this I pushed the code to Github and in the settings I scrolled down to the web host section and enabled the website.

## Credits

### Content

- Photos are sourced from  [Pexels](https://pexels.com) and [Pixabay](https://pixabay.com)

- the Font used is the "Roboto" font and is imported from [google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/)


### Media

Bearded DragonImage

- [Photo by Egor Kamelev from Pexels]( https://www.pexels.com/photo/green-and-gray-bearded-dragon-751698/)

Leapord Gecko Image

- [Photo by Pixabay from Pexels](https://www.pexels.com/photo/animal-biology-blur-close-up-407037/?utm_content=attributionCopyText&utm_medium=referral&utm_source=pexels)

Green Snakes

- [Photo by Foto-rabe from Pixabay](https://pixabay.com/images/id-653639/)

### Other Resources

 I used stack overflow to research a number of issues

- [Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/)

Bootstrap 3 Documentation

- [bootstrap 4 documantation](https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.0)

W3 Schools- Ued to refresh my memory on elements and styling

- [w3schools](https://www.w3schools.com/)

### Acknowledgements

- the Reptile Hotel its self for permission to base my project on them.
- I received inspiration for [IHS](https://www.ihs-web.org.uk/) the international Herpetological Society.

- I would like to acknowledge the help and guidance provided by my Mentor Antonija Simic.
